- Order.
Order in the store.
It's a--it's a judge thing.
all: Ah.
- Anyway,
our new district manager
is gonna be visiting today
so I've thrown together
some fun Halloween events.
First, we're gonna be handing
out goodie bags to the kids.
Uh, Sandra, can you take
the lead on that?
- Yes.
- Glenn and Garrett,
you two are gonna be managing
the haunted house
in the garden center.
- Aww, man, then I won't
get to hear Jonah lecture us
on whatever dumb metaphor
his costume's supposed to be.
- Uh, actually,
I got tired of explaining
my costume every year,
so this year,
I'm just gonna be
a good old-fashioned cowboy.
- We get it.
You're herding us to the polls
because no one here votes.
- No, really, I'm--
- Don't be stupid.
He's obviously toxic
American masculinity.
- Actually, I--I like
that better.
I'm switching to that.
- Um, should we be
selling these?
Didn't they just find another
cut-off foot right around here?
- Oh, it's awful.
I'm an empath so things like
that really affect me.
- I just wish they would catch
the guy already.
- Why are you assuming
it's a guy?
Maybe St. Louis finally
has a female serial killer.
- Oh, yeah.
About time.
Uh, hello,
glass ceiling?
Ya shattered.
- Sorry I'm late.
Sorry.
- Wow.
- Hard to get in my car
in this thing,
but guess who's winning
our costume contest?
- Oh, by the way,
there will be
no costume contest this year.
- What?
- Corporate didn't want
to approve
another racial sensitivity
training.
- TitaIrma spent an hour this
morning sewing me into this.
- You're sewed into that?
How are you gonna use
the bathroom?
- There's actually a lot
of padding in here, so...
- ♪ Find skeleton bones
outside on the pavement ♪
♪ And torture chambers down
in the basement ♪
- And we've done
a really good job
of organizing employees
at other stores.
- Oh, I pulled so many digits.
- 'Cause you were in charge
of getting everyone's
contact info.
- Point is, we almost have
enough cards signed
to unionize.
This is great, guys.
We're gonna be a union.
- Ooh, this sounds fun.
Did Sayid reach
a new level of Pokémon?
- My girlfriend made me quit.
- We were just talking
about the u...nicorn union.
No, just--just unicorns.
- Um, you guys,
you know I'm pro-union.
Why wouldn't you just tell me
about the meeting?
- We quit telling you weeks ago
because you're management.
I mean, she doesn't
need healthcare.
She's got a drawer full
of Band-Aids in her desk.
- Okay, I paid
for those Band-Aids,
and they're for everybody.
- Can I have one?
- Do you have a cut?
- Ah, see?
There's always a catch.
- Look, the union rep just said
that in order to be safe,
we should probably keep
management
at, like, you know,
a distance,
and obviously you're not, like,
a "manager" manager
or anything, but,
you know, still.
- Oh, you want me to leave.
- Obviously, I don't want that.
I clearly--that's not--
- Really?
'Cause it kinda seems
like you're trying to get me
out of the door but--
- No, no, we're just trying...
- Oh, my God, they're so cute
when they bicker.
- No, no, we're not.
- We're--that's--
- That's--no.
- All right, go ahead.
Have fun in there.
Don't steal anything.
- It's my first Halloween
since the diabetes.
- Mm.
- You're so lucky you
don't have a family.
You could eat yourself
to death and no one would care.
I mean, it's okay.
I guess I'll just be here
all day watching you eat that.
- Works for me.
- You know what?
- Oh!
- I'm just gonna get rid of it,
you know,
to save us from being tempted.
- What?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Whoa!
- No, it's best for both of us,
not to mention this guy.
- Hey, man,
don't touch my tummy!
- Okay, Halloween question.
If anyone in our store
was chopping off feet--
- Glenn.
Well, it's always the churchy
ones who snap first.
- Really?
What about Garrett?
'Cause, you know,
he's a sneaker guy
and you know where people
keep their sneakers.
- Glenn?
Garrett?
Really?
Did you see
those crime scene photos?
That foot was a precision cut.
I'm thinking
a reciprocating meat saw.
- Oh, you've given this
foot chopper a lot of thought.
- Oh, they're not just
cutting off feet.
If you ask me, they're
dismembering whole bodies.
Sure,
they're releasing the feet,
but there's a trophy room
somewhere with heads,
hands, and select genitals.
- You don't think that, uh--
yeah, no.
But do you?
- What, that Dina's
a serial killer?
No, no.
I mean, that would be insane.
- Yeah.
Oh, but also kinda.
-  Right?
- Well, I just hate having
to be so out of it,
especially now that we're
so close to the finish line.
It's like this union is my baby
and I don't even get
to drop it off at college.
- Our baby.
- Okay, yeah, sure.
I mean, you help, obviously,
and I so appreciate it,
and I love that you have
a connection with the baby.
- Are we still talking
about the--
- The union, yeah. Of course.
- Right, yeah.
Look, it's--it's almost done.
You don't have to worry.
I mean, I'm meeting
with somebody later today
from Fenton to get the last
of the signed cards, and then--
- Knock, knock.
- Oh, hey.
Uh, new DM.
- Yes.
Maya.
- Jonah.
Hi, nice to meet you.
- Hi, nice to meet you, too.
- Amy was just telling me
about some
of her favorite RBG dissents.
- Uh-huh.
Yep, and I said all of them,
so dismissed.
- Okay.
- Amy Sosa.
So nice to meet you.
- You, too.
I just thought it would be
a fun day
to come by and meet you guys
now that I'm taking over
for Laurie.
- Yeah, yeah.
She--she left kind of suddenly,
huh?
Did that have anything
to do with her, um...
Her hobbies?
- You mean her coke habit?
- Oh, um, I--wow. That--
- It's okay.
We're all talking about it.
- Okay.
- At the last retreat,
she was so coked up,
she roundhouse kicked the CEO
into the omelet station.
- No.
- Yeah.
- Did anybody get
a video of that?
- Girl, I wish!
No, but seriously,
it's very sad.
- Yeah, no, I really hope
she gets the help she needs.
- Aww, I left my cell phone
in the garden center.
- Well, I'm just
spitballing here,
but maybe you could just go in
and get it?
- Yeah.
Haunted houses are
a little loaded for me.
When I was a kid,
my dad took me
to Skele-Tony's Spook Shack,
and I accidentally let go
of his hand
and I couldn't find my way out
for 45 minutes.
I ended up eating
the spaghetti brains
and grape eyeballs just
to survive.
- So because of that
traumatic snack,
you're too scared to go
into the garden center
that we saw Elias decorate
with crepe paper?
- No, no.
That'd be silly.
Of course I can go in there.
- Mm-hmm.
- But you know what'd
be easier?
I can check
my voicemail remotely.
Go into the store,
use the phone,
dial nine for an outside line,
call my cell phone,
press star,
and then enter my password.
Easy peasy.
- Yeah.
- I am Maya,
the new DM.
- Hi, I'm Garrett.
Nice costume.
- Yeah, we both know I just
threw on the first thing
that I found in the store,
okay?
-  Yeah.
Me, too.
- Excuse me.
- I mean,
that looks pretty elaborate.
- Well, you know,
it was just sitting
in the front of the store,
so I just grabbed it.
- Um, could you excuse me
for just a minute?
- And Crestwood came around--
- Hey!
Hey, lady!
I saw you walk in
and I thought,
"Is that Kelly?"
'Cause Jonah mentioned
that someone from Fenton
was coming to meet him,
but he didn't say who.
- So yeah, Kelly brought the
union cards so we got Fenton!
Yay!
- Whoo!
- He also didn't mention that
this was gonna be happening
in the store on the same day
that our new district manager
is here,
but I guess this
is your thing now
and it's not really up to me
to make better choices.
-  Hey, lady!
- Kelly!
Hi.
-  Oh, hello!
- Oh, no.
You two are wearing
a couple's costume.
both: Oh.
- I guess it does, uh...
- Well, that's...
...funny.
- Look like that.
- Well, one of you definitely
has to change.
Oh, Kelly, you can switch
costumes with Amy.
Wait, no, that's not gonna work
because Amy's so much bigger.
- Okay, Sandra, we're good
on the costumes.
Thank you.
It's just so funny
that Jonah never mentioned
that you guys
are working together.
- Um, yeah.
I guess I just--
I didn't know
if it was--it'd be weird or--
- Weird?
Why would it be weird?
'Cause it's Kelly?
It's--it's Kelly.
She's my--she's my lady.
The only weird thing is
that you didn't tell me.
- Well, it's not really,
like, a big deal.
- Because I'm already so out of
the loop with the union stuff.
- And plus it was like
a few phone calls--
- So it's kind of a bummer
to find out this way
that the two of you
are raising my baby.
- You guys, I am dying
right now.
- Oh, wow.
You finally flipped Simon.
- Yeah, I told him that thing
you said about union
being spelled with U and I.
- Oh, you mean the quote he got
from the pamphlet I gave him?
- Here you are.
- Hey.
- Hi. I got to know some
of your people.
- Huh.
- Justine invited me
to her erotic sip 'n' paint.
- You don't want anything
to do with that.
Kelly?
Kelly, right?
Yeah, I met you
at the Fenton store.
- Uh, yeah.
I'm just...
- She's here because...
- Well, uh...
- They're dating.
- Oh, that's great.
- Yeah, she comes over every
day and--and they have coffee.
Aren't they cute?
- So cute.
- Did you notice
their couples costumes?
- Yep.
She's my cowgirl.
- Ride 'em, cowgirl.
I mean, like, ride a horse,
not Jonah.
That would be inappropriate
for work.
- Well, I was just about
to grab some coffee anyway.
Why don't we all go?
It's on me.
- That would be so fun.
-  So fun.
- Glenn, do you want me
to go in and get your phone?
- I mean, if you're going
in there anyway--
-  Sure. Okay.
- Haunted house.
Already been in there a ton.
Sick of it.
Oh, thank God.
How was it?
-  It was pretty cool.
- Are you crying blood?
- Huh?
Huh.
Yeah, I guess I am.
I'm sure it has nothing to do
with what I just saw
or experienced.
Elias did a great job
with the crepe paper, though.
- D--did you find my phone?
- I--
- Never mind.
- So okay, St. Louis talk.
What's this toasted ravioli
everyone's talking about?
- Mmm, T-ravs.
They are great.
You gotta try 'em.
- You should go to Stephano's.
Kelly and I used to go
all the time
and--and still do,
you know, past and present.
- Oh, I've never even heard
of the place.
Which, I mean, makes sense.
There's so much Jonah
doesn't tell me.
- Uh, Kelly does a great,
uh, Stephano impersonation.
- Oh.
All right.
He's like, um,
"Oh, our toasted ravioli's
been written up
in the pay-per."
And that's it.
Uh, when you do go,
um, you should try out
this gelato place
about a block away.
- Yeah.
- Wow, a second stop
on one date.
Who's got that kind of time,
right?
- Well, when you don't have
kids to come home to, y--
not that having kids is,
uh, bad.
That's--I--I actually wish
I were dating someone
with kids.
- I love this.
You can see why
I come here every day.
- My bad.
I got it.
Oops.
Let me just--excuse me, sir.
You're good, you're good.
- Okay, there's no way Dina's
a serial killer.
She's head of security.
Rules are her life.
- Yeah, and "don't kill" is,
like, such a big rule.
- Plus, she's a vegan, okay?
She doesn't even kill to eat,
which is insane,
because I would totally eat
a lamb alive.
- You're right.
She's the last person
who'd be a serial killer.
Although, it is always the
last person who you'd think.
- ♪ In your head
♪ In your head, zombie
- This has been great.
You have a really fun store.
And you two,
hit me up
for the next Stephano's trip,
okay?
- Oh, absolutely.
- Will do.
- Okay, bye-bye.
- Bye.
- So many other reasons I could
have been in this store.
- Sorry. It's the first thing
that came to my mind,
and you're the ones wearing
the same clothes.
- Look, the most important
thing is that at least--
wait, where are the cards?
- Oh, I hid them in one
of those orange bags
when Maya came in.
- You mean the goodie bags?
- There's enough for everyone.
Just form a line.
Where are your parents?
- It's just a garden center.
It's just a garden center.
Just walking into
the garden center.
Pardon me, sir.
Are you Glenn Sturgis?
- Yeah.
Why?
- They told me to tell you:
don't go in there.
-  Who said don't--
who said that do you?
- Glenn, who you talking to?
- Th--this boy, did you--
he said that I had to--
- What's going on, dude?
- Yeah, I think I'm gonna head
to my car
and read my Bible for a bit.
- Great job.
Didn't ask for the accent,
though.
- It was a swing.
I thought it worked.
- You already gave out
all the bags?
- They were out of control.
I said one per kid,
but Amy,
some took two.
- Hey, uh, let me see
what's in that bag, please.
- No way!
You're, like, 40!
Buy your own candy!
- Hey, that kind of aggression
is exactly why people
are turning on your sport.
Soccer is coming for you!
- Okay. Thank you so much.
Yeah.
- Why are you checking bags?
- Um, because--okay,
here's the deal.
The push for the union
never really stopped,
and so the cards from Fenton
ended up in these goodie bags
and they've all been
given away.
- Oh, wow.
Well, listen.
Company policy states
that I need to report
any union activity
to my manager,
so there's been union activity.
Now that my hands are clean,
I'll go check
the security footage.
- Amazing.
Thank you, Dina.
- Oh, hey, Kelly.
Couple's costume with Jonah?
That's a weird choice.
- It's not a couple's costume.
- It's a coincidence.
- Okay.
- ♪ Dracula was putting on
moon tan lotion ♪
♪ Gnarly dude is what the--
- Hey, Cheyenne,
I need help
going over
some security footage.
- Oh, okay.
No, you have a child.
I'll go, Dina.
- You don't work
for me anymore.
Cheyenne, come on.
- Let me just call
Bo really quick.
You know,
not to say good-bye or anything
but just to say hey
and good-bye and stuff.
Oh, uh, or you could
take Marcus.
- Whoever.
Marcus!
Security office, now!
- Yep, just give me a second.
If I run too fast,
I become airborne.
- Thank you.
You know, Kelly,
you didn't have
to change your costume.
- And you didn't have to say
I was Jonah's girlfriend,
yet here we are.
- Hey, sorry.
Just took off my costume
real quick.
The cowboy hat was itchy.
- Oh, my God, you two are Danny
and Sandy from "Grease"!
"Summer Lovin'," right?
- Amy, you need to go change
into leather Sandy right now.
- All right,
no bags in housewares.
Are you getting anything,
Marcus?
- I gotta be honest,
about 60%
of my vision's
blocked by the dragon head.
- You're exuding,
like, a wet heat.
- I know.
It's the dragon smoke function.
- Now you're fogging up
the screen.
- I can't control it.
- Oh, this is doing nothing.
It's just moving it around.
- Yeah.
- Okay, this is it.
There's no one in there now.
Just a chance for me
to face my fears head-on.
- Yes, go for it.
- Whoa. Okay.
Well...
Good luck, buddy.
Sorry, haunted house is closed.
Sorry.
- I think we found the cards.
Well, I found them.
Marcus knocked all my felt tips
on the floor,
some of them lost their caps,
and now it's just a race
against the clock
until they dry out.
- Dina, where are the cards?
- I saw footage
of Maya grabbing
a goodie bag on her way out.
- What?
No!
She left, like, 20 minutes ago.
- Actually, no.
She stopped in housewares
and had what looked like
a very emotional moment
with Brett,
then she went to grocery.
Picked up eggs
and bell peppers.
I think it's
a Denver omelet night.
- Dina, where is she now?
- She just went out
to the parking lot.
- Well, we need to stop her.
- Amy, wait!
Do I still need to be
a part of this?
Because, I hate to keep beating
the same drum,
but the felt tips--
- I'll get you new felt tips!
- I don't want new felt tips!
I have perfectly good
felt tips on my floor!
- Sorry.
It's just me.
Not a carjacker.
I didn't mean to startle you.
- It's okay.
- It's just that, um, we need
you back in the store.
- Why?
- Attention, everyone.
Give it up for the winner of
our Halloween costume contest,
Maya!
Whoo, whoo!
- So there is a contest,
and cat ears won it?
- Okay, you don't need
to suck up to the new DM.
- What?
No.
No, girl.
You won.
You look good
and you better get your prize,
which is...
- Which is, uh, this, um,
bottle of Sprite!
- Are you  kidding me?
- You don't think she's
gonna wait in the back
of someone's car and then--
- No.
But we should probably check
to see if the killer
has a history of breaking
into cars 'cause...
Oh, my God.
They found another foot.
- Out in Richmond Heights.
- Really?
Apparently it's fresh.
Some guy's probably bleeding
out as we speak.
- Oh, that's amazing.
It can't be Dina.
We've been watching
her all day.
- Such good news.
I'm so glad the killer
struck today.
Wow. Not that I thought
it was her, but--
- I know.
I mean, she's weird,
but she's not a criminal.
- No.
- And look at these cat ears.
Amazing!
I think it says back here they
were, uh, made in Taiwan.
Have you ever been to Taiwan?
- Amy, is there a second place?
Because I am drenched in urine.
- Okay, um,
maybe we wrap this up.
Uh, I am so honored
to receive this Sprite,
especially because
so many of you
had such great costumes here.
You know, like these two.
They had multiple
couples costumes.
Are they cute or what?
- Jonah and Kelly aren't
a couple.
- Yeah,
Jonah's in love with Amy.
- Wait, what?
- What?
I don't know.
That's--
Jonah, is that true?
- It's true.
I love her.
Um, sorry, Kelly.
I--I probably should
have told you
before telling
the entire store,
but I am breaking up with you.
- Okay, it seems like I should
give you guys a little privacy.
- Uh--
- Uh, no, no, no,
because I need to explain more
to you, Kelly.
Uh, you're a great gal,
but, uh,
Amy and I just have
a connection.
- I hate coming
to this stupid store.
- I'm really gonna go now.
- You can't because the costume
contest is not over yet.
And now it's done!
Another round of applause
for Maya the Cat.
- Man.
- Garrett, help!
The doors are stuck!
Oh, I should have listened
to that English boy.
Hang on.
Hey, Garrett.
It's Glenn from work.
Um, first of all,
I found my phone.
Yay.
Uh, anyway,
if you get this,
I am stuck
in the haunted house,
so, um, call me back.
All right, bye-bye.
Help!
Somebody!
- Oh!
Honestly, I've seen scarier.
- That was exhausting.
- Yeah, well,
breakups are exhausting.
- Um...
so the cards
are all here.
- Great.
- But also some
empty candy wrappers.
- Okay.
Okay, well--
Let's not panic.
Maybe she just, um, reached in
and grabbed some candy
and didn't see the cards,
or--or maybe those candies
are from somewhere else
and she just ditched
the wrappers in there.
- Or maybe she saw the cards.
- But if she saw the cards,
she would have said something.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, definitely.
Right?
- Hey, so Maya left her Sprite.
- Just take it.
- Yes!
We did it, Tita!
Your boy won!